# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added
### Fixed
### Changed
### Removed

## [1.0.3]

### Added
- `USER_COMMENTS` (`config.ini`) and `--user-comments` (command-line) options added for the user to add any extra information in the Polarion ork Items Comments.


### Changed
- The plugin passed for major refactoring for code organization purposes.


## [1.0.2]

### Added
- Information regarding which Polarion ALM version was used for the development of this plugin on `README.md`.
- Support for the configuration file (`config.ini`) through the option `--config=config.ini`. Used to pass options to replace long command-line configurations for the project and test run.
- `--log-plugin-report-path` added to pass the path info for a log report which is written real-time to check plugin internal configuration. The `ENABLE_LOG_FILE` option om the configuration file (`config.ini`) needs to be enabled.

### Changed
- Installation uses `pyproject.toml` instead of `setup.py`.


## [1.0.1]

### Added
- `POLARION_VERIFY_CERTIFICATE` field on `secrets` file. Since some issues with https version of the server can throw exception when the plugin is trying to connect with. 
- `SSL_cert_conf.md` file added with documentation from Polarion of how to create and configure a SSL Certificate for the https version of the server.


## [1.0.0]

### Added
- Implementation of syncing of test results with similar structure as `pytest-typhoon-xray` plugin to Polarion Server. The options implemented are:
    - `--secrets=<secrets_file>`: The file with server and login information. Where:
        - `POLARION_HOST`: The Polarion server address (e.g. `http://localhost:8080/polarion/`).
        - `POLARION_USER`: The user configured by the administrator for login in Polariion (e.g. `admin`).
        - `POLARION_PASSWORD`: In case none token was configured, this option can be set with the `POLARION_USER` password. (e.g. `admin`).
        - `POLARION_TOKEN`: The token configured in the `Personal Access Token` for the user `POLARION_USER`.
    - `--polarion-project-id=<project_id>`: The project id configured in the Polarion server.
    - `--polarion-test-run=<test_run_id>`: The test run id inside the project previously configured in the Polarion server.
    - `--web-url=<allure-html-link>`: The Allure report link generated by `typhoon-allure` tool.
    - `--allow-comments`: When used, allow the Polarion Work Items comments to be populated with Pytest Test Run information.


- README.md and DEMO.md documentation files created.

### Fixed
- Plugin check connection with Polarion before start to collect and run the tests.
- Exceptions on Polarion side are treated properly.
